{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff31507\deff0\stshfdbch31505\stshfloch31506\stshfhich31506\stshfbi31507\deflang1031\deflangfe1031\themelang1031\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f34\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02040503050406030204}Cambria Math;}
{\f43\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq0{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Times-Roman{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f44\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq0{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Times-Italic{\*\falt Times New Roman};}
{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0302020204030204}Calibri Light;}{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f461\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\f462\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f464\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f465\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f466\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\f467\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f468\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f469\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f801\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Cambria Math CE;}
{\f802\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Cambria Math Cyr;}{\f804\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Cambria Math Greek;}{\f805\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Cambria Math Tur;}{\f808\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Cambria Math Baltic;}
{\f809\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Cambria Math (Vietnamese);}{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri Light CE;}
{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Light Cyr;}{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Light Greek;}{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Light Tur;}
{\fhimajor\f31533\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri Light (Hebrew);}{\fhimajor\f31534\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri Light (Arabic);}{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Light Baltic;}
{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri Light (Vietnamese);}{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}
{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\fhiminor\f31573\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}
{\fhiminor\f31574\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}
{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;\red47\green84\blue150;\red68\green114\blue196;\ctextone\ctint255\cshade255\red0\green0\blue0;}{\*\defchp \fs22\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505 }{\*\defpap 
\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 
\af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1031\langfe1031\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1031\langfenp1031 \snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1031\langfe1031\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1031\langfenp1031 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused 
Normal Table;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid339615\rsid418336\rsid1261453\rsid1857927\rsid2118493\rsid3159867\rsid4196834\rsid6171154\rsid6830278\rsid7294664\rsid8027297\rsid8071858\rsid8407730\rsid9054294\rsid9338491\rsid9649607\rsid11024600\rsid12457305
\rsid14891793\rsid16736022}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info{\operator Onat Inak}{\creatim\yr2021\mo7\dy21\hr18\min9}{\revtim\yr2021\mo7\dy21\hr21\min44}
{\version9}{\edmins0}{\nofpages15}{\nofwords5912}{\nofchars37252}{\nofcharsws43078}{\vern79}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}\paperw11905\paperh16837\margl1417\margr1417\margt1417\margb1134\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz425\trackmoves0\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont0\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata1\grfdocevents0\validatexml0\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors0\hyphauto1\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120
\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale100\rsidroot14891793 \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9
\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri-1\sb240\sl254\slmult1\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin-1\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs22\lang1031\langfe1031\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1031\langfenp1031 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af43\afs32 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\fs32\cf19\insrsid1261453 \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 Gutachten G07:
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri-1\sa160\sl254\slmult1\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin-1\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\insrsid1261453 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af44 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f44\cf20\insrsid1261453 \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 Abgabe: 4/4 Punkte}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\insrsid1261453 
\par \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 \hich\f43 Die Abgabe ist vollst\'e4\loch\f43 \hich\f43 ndig. Es wurde die Ordnerstruktur eingehalten, die Bennenung der einzelnen Dateien ist in Ordnung und die Abgabe ist generell \'fc\loch\f43 \hich\f43 
bersichtlich. Die Readme fasst kurz und pr\'e4\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 \hich\f43 gnant das Wichtige zusammen und der Bericht erl\'e4\loch\f43 \hich\f43 utert die Hintergr\'fc\loch\f43 \hich\f43 nde und Funktionalit\'e4\loch\f43 
t genauer. In dieser Kategorie gibt es nichts zu beanstanden.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af44 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f44\cf20\insrsid1261453 \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 Dokumentation 6/6 Punkte}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\insrsid1261453 
\par \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 \hich\f43 Die Readme ist gut. Sie ist kurz und pr\'e4\loch\f43 gnant, wobei sie bei der Beschreibung de\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
s Interactive Mode mir etwas zu unklar ist, was aber lediglich eine kleine Anmerkung ist.
\par \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 \hich\f43 Der Report ist sehr gut. Er erf\'fc\loch\f43 llt alle harten Anforderungen, also mehr als 3 Locations werden bebildert, Quellen werden genannt und Diagramme gezeigt etc. Figure 1.\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
\hich\f43 1 gibt einen guten Gesamt\'fc\loch\f43 \hich\f43 berblick und ist besonders positiv hervorzuheben. Eine kleine Anmerkung: Die Bilder Richtung Ende zeigen eine GUI, welche nicht der finale Stand ist. Hier w\'e4\loch\f43 
re es gut die Bilder auszutauschen. Ansonsten: Sehr gute Arbeit!
\par \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 Die Qual\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 \hich\f43 it\'e4\loch\f43 \hich\f43 t der Kommentierung variiert deutlich zwischen den einzelnen Funktionen. PCA_KMEANS_4DIEPOLD.m ist beispielsweise sehr gut kommentiert, w\'e4
\loch\f43 \hich\f43 hrend QUADModell.m kaum bis gar nicht kommentiert ist. Zudem zeigt sich etwas st\'f6\loch\f43 rend, dass nicht im einheitlichen\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43  \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 \hich\f43 
Stil kommentiert wurde. So haben manche Funktionen bspw. unter dem Header, in welchem die in/outputs beschrieben werden und manche nicht. Manche Funktionen sind in Sektionen aufgeteilt und andere nicht. Hier k\'f6\loch\f43 
nnte in Zukunft noch etwas mehr drauf geachte\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 t\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 \hich\f43  werden. Zudem empfiehlt es sich in der main.m Datei auch Kommentare einz\'fc\loch\f43 \hich\f43 
gigen, sodass noch einmal klar ist, wer die Software geschrieben hat, um was es geht etc. Hierbei handelt es sich aber um ein Bem\'e4\loch\f43 ngeln kleiner Punkte. Wir konnten den Code verstehe\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 n
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43  und deshalb ist er trotz den genannten Punkten noch hinreichend kommentiert.
\par \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 Insgesamt geben wir gerade noch 6/6 punkten, da Bericht wirklich sehr stark ist und die kleinen Kritikpunkte an der Code-Kommentierung aushebelt. 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af44 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f44\cf20\insrsid1261453 \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 \hich\f44 Ausf\'fc\loch\f44 hrbarkeit 6/6}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\insrsid1261453 
\par \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 Das Program\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 \hich\f43 m l\'e4\loch\f43 \hich\f43 
uft bei Unix und Windows ohne Anpassungen, also out-of-the-box. Das Programm reagiert angemessen schnell, hier ist das cachen von Berechnungen positiv anzumerken. Die Spezifikationen bez\'fc\loch\f43 \hich\f43 glich der Ausf\'fc\loch\f43 \hich\f43 
hrbarkeit sind erf\'fc\loch\f43 \hich\f43 llt. Etwas sch\'f6\loch\f43 \hich\f43 ner w\'e4\loch\f43 re gewese\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 n\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 \hich\f43 
, die Berechnungsintensive Parts an den Anfang beim initialen Hochladen des Ordners zu ziehen, um dann bei sp\'e4\loch\f43 \hich\f43 teren Spielereien in der GUI k\'fc\loch\f43 \hich\f43 rzere Zeiten warten zu m\'fc\loch\f43 
ssen. Die Wartezeiten sind aber durch den wirklich guten Loadingscreen in der GUI deutlic\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 h\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43  angenehmer!
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af44 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f44\cf20\insrsid1261453 \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 GUI 6/6}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\insrsid1261453 
\par \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 \hich\f43 Die GUI ist intuitiv und benutzerfreundlich. Sie sieht sehr gut aus und macht genau das, was sie machen soll. Die Reaktivit\'e4\loch\f43 
t ist durch den besonders hervorzuhebenden Loadingscreen besonders hervorzuheben. Die Benennungen der Slider u\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 \hich\f43 nd Checkboxes macht Sinn, wobei ich die Boxen bei \'84\loch\f43 \hich\f43 Changes\'93\loch\f43 
\hich\f43  noch etwas besser erkl\'e4\loch\f43 \hich\f43 ren w\'fc\loch\f43 \hich\f43 rde. Die GUI ist im Gro\'df\loch\f43 
en und Ganzen wirklich sehr ansprechend und ist mit kurzem lesen der ReadMe sehr intuitiv zu verstehen. Wir haben nichts zu beanstanden, gute \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 A\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 rbeit: 6/6 Punkte
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af44 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f44\cf20\insrsid1261453 \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 \hich\f44 Qualit\'e4\loch\f44 t 4/8 Punkte}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\insrsid1261453 
\par \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 \hich\f43 Geht es um den Umgang mit Rotationen, schwierigen Szenen, Intensit\'e4\loch\f43 \hich\f43 tsschwankungen etc. performt das Programm mittel bis gut. Der Gro\'df\loch\f43 \hich\f43 
teil der Bilder wird ohne Probleme und sauber transformiert. Bei den Datens\'e4\loch\f43 tzen Bra\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 \hich\f43 zilian Rainforest, Wiesn, Testdaten von uns und Frauenkirche, also den schwierigeren Datens\'e4\loch\f43 \hich\f43 
tzen, sind einige Transformation komplett falsch. Hiermit ist gemeint, dass der Zoomfaktor v\'f6\loch\f43 llig anders ist und die Rotationen komplett out-of plane sind. Das pas\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 s\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 \hich\f43 
iert bei diesem Programm vergleichsweise h\'e4\loch\f43 \hich\f43 ufig, da nur direkte Transformationen probiert werden. Es wird also immer versucht die zwei Bilder direkt ineinander \'fc\loch\f43 \hich\f43 
bergehen zu lassen, was ab und an aber nicht direkt geht. Eine L\'f6\loch\f43 \hich\f43 sung w\'e4\loch\f43 \hich\f43 re \'fc\loch\f43 ber Mehrschritt Tr\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 a\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
nsformationen zu gehen, also von unserem Startbild zu einem oder mehreren Zwischenbildern und dann zu dem Zielbild. Das wurde aber nicht implementiert. Zudem wird nicht gecheckt ob die Transformationen sinnvoll sind, weswegen diese teils stark falschen Tr
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 a\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 \hich\f43 nsformationen zum End User gelangen und die wahrgenommene Qualit\'e4\loch\f43 \hich\f43 t des Programmes merklich sinken lassen. Da das h\'e4\loch\f43 \hich\f43 
ufig passiert und die gezeigten Ver\'e4\loch\f43 nderungen hierbei sinnlos sind gibt es hier einen }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\ul\insrsid1261453 \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 Abzug von 1.5 Punkten.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f43\insrsid1261453 
\par \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 Arten der Visualisierung sind di\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 \hich\f43 e Differenz zwischen 2 Bildern darstellen, die Timeline aus den Bildern im oberen Teil der GUI und die M\'f6\loch\f43 \hich\f43 
glichkeit zwischen Bildern smooth zu wechseln. Damit ist die Minimalanforderung gerade erf\'fc\loch\f43 \hich\f43 llt, jedoch l\'e4\loch\f43 sst sich diskutieren, ob es sich wirklich 3 g\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 e\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
\hich\f43 trennte Arten der Visualisierung handelt. Der Vergleich zwischen 2 Bilder funktioniert gut. Die Timeline aus Bildern im oberen Teil der GUI passt auch, w\'e4\loch\f43 \hich\f43 re aber etwas hilfreicher f\'fc\loch\f43 \hich\f43 
r den User, wenn sie statt der Originale transformierte Bilder zeigen w\'fc\loch\f43 r\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 d\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 \hich\f43 
e, welche zueinander angepasst sind. Der Schieberegler im Interactive Teil ist eine gute Idee, leider ist die Umsetzung hier mangelhaft. Der Slider kann nicht einfach von links nach rechts bewegt werden, da man f\'fc\loch\f43 
r jedes einzelne Intervall erst einzeln di\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 e\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 \hich\f43  Berechnungen durchf\'fc\loch\f43 \hich\f43 
hren lassen muss. Hat man alle Berechnungen gemacht (welche aufsummiert dann doch recht lange dauern, besonders wenn man bedenkt, dass nur direkte Transformationen berechnet werden) so ist der Slider ebenfalls nicht sinnvoll f\'fc\loch\f43 r den U
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 s\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 \hich\f43 er, da die Bilder nicht zu einem Referenzbild transformiert werden. Vielmehr springen die Bilder beim sliden von rechts nach links, weswegen die Analyse von \'c4\loch\f43 
\hich\f43 nderungen \'fc\loch\f43 ber den ganzen Zeitraum dem User stark erschwert wird. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\ul\insrsid1261453 \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 Wir ziehen hier einen Punkt ab}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f43\insrsid1261453 \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 , \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 \hich\f43 da die Arten der Visualisierung nicht wirklich vielf\'e4\loch\f43 \hich\f43 ltig sind und der Slider \'fc\loch\f43 \hich\f43 
ber die Bilder so nicht sinnvoll ist. Durch diesen kommen ein eher langsamer und lediglich mittel potenter Bildmatching Algorithmus zum Vorschein, was die Qualit\'e4\loch\f43 t aus Sicht de\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 s
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 \hich\f43  Users tr\'fc\loch\f43 \hich\f43 bt. Diese Kritik kann auch teils als Teil der Ausf\'fc\loch\f43 \hich\f43 
hrbarkeit-Kategorie gesehen werden, wobei wir uns entschieden haben, den Punkt in dieser Sektion aus zuvor genannten Gr\'fc\loch\f43 \hich\f43 nden bez\'fc\loch\f43 \hich\f43 glich der wahrgenommenen Qualit\'e4\loch\f43 t abzuziehen.
\par \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 \hich\f43 Arten der Ver\'e4\loch\f43 nderun\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 \hich\f43 g sind bei diesem Programm die Gr\'f6\'df\loch\f43 \hich\f43 e der Ver\'e4\loch\f43 \hich\f43 nderung, und die Ver\'e4\loch\f43 
\hich\f43 nderung je nach Bereich (also beispielsweise Meer, Eis etc). Es gibt keine andere Art der Ver\'e4\loch\f43 nderung, wenn man im Manual oder Interactive Mode ist. In jedem Fall werden zwischen genau zwei\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43  
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 \hich\f43 Bildern Ver\'e4\loch\f43 \hich\f43 nderungen dargestellt, wobei hier nur die zwei Arten der Ver\'e4\loch\f43 \hich\f43 nderung (Fl\'e4\loch\f43 \hich\f43 che und Segmentabh\'e4\loch\f43 \hich\f43 
ngig) vorhanden sind. F\'fc\loch\f43 r diese Unterschreitung der Mindestanforderung und dem Problem, dass die Area Size Threshold nicht intuitiv ist, ziehen wir 1.5\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43  \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 Punkte ab.
\par \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 \hich\f43 Somit wurden in der Kategorie Qualit\'e4\loch\f43 \hich\f43 t 4/8 Punkten vergeben, die Gr\'fc\loch\f43 \hich\f43 nde hierzu wurden ausf\'fc\loch\f43 \hich\f43 hrlich in den drei vorherigen Paragrafen erkl\'e4
\loch\f43 rt.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af44 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f44\cf20\insrsid1261453 \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 Gesamteindruck: 26/30 Punkte}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\insrsid1261453 
\par \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 Insgesamt wurden 26/30 Punkten vergeben, was sehr gut den Gesamteindruck e\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
ines guten bis sehr guten Projekts widerspiegelt. Die Abgabe selbst funktioniert und die Dokumentation ist vor allem mit dem Bericht sehr gut. Die Abgabe profitiert stark von einer sehr guten GUI. Diese ist intuitiv und gibt dem Nutzer hervorragendes Feed
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 b\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 \hich\f43 ack. Nur bei der Kategorie Qualit\'e4\loch\f43 \hich\f43 t wurden Punkte abgezogen. Neben dem nicht Vorhandensein dreier Arten der Ver\'e4\loch\f43 
nderung liegt ein Problem in der Art wie die Bilder transformiert werden. Da nur direkte Transformationen berechnet werden, funktionieren einig\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 e\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 \hich\f43 
 Transformationen nicht, welche bis zum User durchkommen und so die wahrgenommene Qualit\'e4\loch\f43 \hich\f43 t senken. Dies ist auch in abge\'e4\loch\f43 \hich\f43 nderter Form ein Grund f\'fc\loch\f43 
r die mangelnde Sinnhaftigkeit des Sliders im Interactive Modus, da so die Bilder beim durchsliden immer spri\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 n\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 \hich\f43 gen und der User die Ver\'e4\loch\f43 \hich\f43 nderung \'fc
\loch\f43 \hich\f43 ber alle Jahre nicht nachvollziehen kann. Zudem muss der Nutzer erst jedes Intervall zwischen den Bildern einzeln analysieren lassen. Diese Punkte k\'f6\loch\f43 \hich\f43 nnten also noch verbessert werden, insgesamt aber eine sch\'f6
\loch\f43 ne Arbeit!
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri-1\sb240\sl254\slmult1\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin-1\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af43\afs32 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\fs32\cf19\insrsid14891793 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43\afs32 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\fs32\cf19\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid14891793 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43\afs32 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\fs32\cf19\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid1261453\charrsid14891793 \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 Rev\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 iew G07:
\par 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl254\slmult1\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af44 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f44\cf20\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid1261453\charrsid14891793 \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 Assignment: 4/4}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af43\afs32 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\fs32\cf19\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid1261453\charrsid14891793 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri-1\sb240\sl254\slmult1\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin-1\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\cf1\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid1261453\charrsid14891793 \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
The delivery is complete. The folder structure has been adhered to, the naming of the individual files is in order and the delivery is generally clear. The readme briefly and concisely s\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
ummarizes what is important and the report explains the background and functionality in more detail. There is nothing to complain about in this category.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f43\cf19\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid1261453\charrsid14891793 
\par 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl254\slmult1\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af44 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f44\cf20\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid1261453\charrsid14891793 \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 Documentation:  6/6
}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\cf19\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid1261453\charrsid14891793 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri-1\sb240\sl254\slmult1\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin-1\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\cf1\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid1261453\charrsid14891793 \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
The readme is good. It is short and concise, although the description of the inte\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 ractive mode is a bit unclear to me, but this is just a small comment.
\par \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 The report is very good. It meets all the hard requirements, i.e. more than 3 locations are illustrated, sources are mentioned and diagrams are shown, etc. Figure 1.1 gives a good overv\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
iew and is especially positive. A small note: The pictures towards the end show a GUI, which is not the final state. Here it would be good to exchange the pictures. Otherwise: Very good work!}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f43\cf19\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid1261453\charrsid14891793 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\cf1\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid1261453\charrsid14891793 \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 The quality of the commenting varies significantly between the i\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
ndividual functions. PCA_KMEANS_4DIEPOLD.m, for example, is very well commented, while QUADModell.m is hardly or not at all commented. In addition it shows up somewhat disturbingly that not in the uniform style one commented. For example, some functions h
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 a\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
ve comments below the header describing the in/outputs and some do not. Some functions are divided into sections and others are not. In the future, more attention could be paid to this. It is also recommended to add comments in the main.m file, so that it
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43  \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
is clear who wrote the software, what it is about, etc. This is just a comment. However, this is just a matter of finding fault with small points. We could understand the code and therefore it is still sufficiently commented despite the points mentioned.

\par \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 O\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 verall, we just give 6/6 points, because report is really very strong and cancels out the small criticisms of the code commenting. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f43\cf19\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid1261453\charrsid14891793 
\par 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl254\slmult1\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af44 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f44\cf20\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid1261453\charrsid14891793 \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 Executability: 6/6 
}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid1261453\charrsid14891793 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri-1\sb240\sl254\slmult1\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin-1\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\cf1\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid1261453\charrsid14891793 \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
The program runs on Unix and Windows without adjustments, so out-of-the-box. The program reacts reasona\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
bly fast, here the caching of calculations is positive. The specifications concerning the executability are fulfilled. Something nicer would have been to drag the calculation-intensive parts to the beginning during the initial upload of the folder, in ord
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 e\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 r to then have to wait for shorter times during later shenanigans in the GUI. But the waiting times are much more pleasant due to the really good loading screen in the GUI!}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af43 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\cf19\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid1261453\charrsid14891793 
\par 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl254\slmult1\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af44 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f44\cf20\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid1261453\charrsid14891793 \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 GUI:  6/6}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid1261453\charrsid14891793 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri-1\sb240\sl254\slmult1\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin-1\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\cf1\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid1261453\charrsid14891793 \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
The GUI is intuitive and user-friendly. It looks very good and does exac\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
tly what it is supposed to do. The reactivity is especially noteworthy due to the loading screen. The naming of the sliders and checkboxes makes sense, though I would explain the boxes at "Changes" a bit better. The GUI is on the whole really appealing an
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 d\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43  is very intuitive to understand with a short reading of the ReadMe. We have nothing to complain about, good work: 6/6 points.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f43\cf19\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid1261453\charrsid14891793 
\par 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl254\slmult1\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af44 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f44\cf20\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid1261453\charrsid14891793 \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 Quality: 4/8}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\cf19\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid1261453\charrsid14891793 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri-1\sb240\sl254\slmult1\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin-1\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\cf1\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid1261453\charrsid14891793 \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
When it comes to dealing with rotations, difficult scenes, intensity fluctuations, etc., the program performs moder\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
ately to well. The majority of the images are transformed cleanly and without problems. With the data sets Brazilian Rainforest, Wiesn, test data from us and Frauenkirche, i.e. the more difficult data sets, some transformations are completely wrong. This 
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 m\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
eans that the zoom factor is completely different and the rotations are completely out-of-plane. This happens comparatively often with this program, because only direct transformations are tried. So it is always tried to let the two images merge directly 
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 i\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
nto each other, which sometimes does not work directly. A solution would be to use multi-step transformations, i.e. from our start image to one or more intermediate images and then to the target image. But this was not implemented. In addition, it is not 
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 c\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
hecked whether the transformations make sense, which is why these sometimes very wrong transformations reach the end user and noticeably reduce the perceived quality of the program. Since this happens frequently and the shown changes are senseless, there 
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 i\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 s a deduction of 1.5 points here.
\par \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 Types of visualization are the difference between 2 images, the timeline from the images in the upper part of the GUI and the possibility to switch between images smoothly. This just about fulfills the minimum requirement,
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
 however it can be debated if this is really 3 separate types of visualization. The comparison between 2 images works well. The timeline of images in the upper part of the GUI also fits, but would be a bit more helpful for the user if it would show transf
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 o\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
rmed images instead of the originals, which are matched to each other. The slider in the interactive part is a good idea, unfortunately the implementation here is poor. The slider can't simply be moved from left to right, because you have to do the calcul
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 a\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
tions for each interval separately. If you have done all the calculations (which take quite a long time when added up, especially if you consider that only direct transformations are calculated), the slider is also not useful for the user, because the ima
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 g\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
es are not transformed to a reference image. Rather, the images jump from right to left when slid, which makes it very difficult for the user to analyze changes over the entire period. We deduct one point here, since the types of visualization are not rea
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 l\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
ly diverse and the slider over the images is so not useful. This reveals a rather slow and only moderately potent image matching algorithm, which clouds the quality from the user's point of view. This criticism can also partly be seen as part of the execu
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 t\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 ability category, though we decided to deduct the point in this section for previously mentioned reasons regarding the perceived quality.
\par \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 Types of change in this program are the magnitude of the change, and the change depending on the area (so for example \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
sea, ice, etc). There is no other type of change when in Manual or Interactive Mode. In any case, changes are shown between exactly two images, and here there are only the two types of change (area and segment dependent). We deduct 1.5 points for this sho
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 r\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 tfall of the minimum requirement and the problem that the Area Size Threshold is not intuitive.
\par \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 Thus, 4/8 points were awarded in the Quality category, the reasons for which were explained in detail in the three previous paragraphs.
\par 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl254\slmult1\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af44 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f44\cf20\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid1261453\charrsid14891793 \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 Summary: 26/30 }{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\cf1\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid1261453\charrsid14891793 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri-1\sb240\sl254\slmult1\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin-1\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\cf1\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid1261453\charrsid14891793 \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 Overall
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
, 26/30 points were awarded, which very well reflects the overall impression of a good to very good project. The delivery itself works and the documentation is very good, especially with the report. The submission benefits greatly from a very good GUI. Th
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 i\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
s is intuitive and gives the user excellent feedback. Points were only deducted in the quality category. Besides not having three types of change, a problem lies in the way the images are transformed. Since only direct transformations are calculated, some
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43  \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
transformations do not work, which get through to the user and thus lower the perceived quality. This is also in modified form a reason for the lack of sense of the slider in interactive mode, because so the images always jump when sliding through and the
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43  \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
user can not understand the change over all years. In addition, the user must first have each interval between the images analyzed individually. So these points could be improved, but overall a nice work!}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f43\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid1261453\charrsid14891793 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43\afs32 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\fs32\cf19\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid14891793 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43\afs32 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\fs32\cf19\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid1261453\charrsid14891793 \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 Review G09:
\par 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl254\slmult1\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af44 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f44\cf20\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid1261453\charrsid14891793 \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 Assignment: 4/4}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid1261453\charrsid14891793 
\par \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 The Assignment seems to be complete, correctly named and its folder structure is according to the requirements. As it is available for peer review, I assume it was handed in before the deadline.
\par \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 Thus 4/4 Pts. were given.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af44 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f44\cf20\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid1261453\charrsid14891793 \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 Documentation:  5/6}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f43\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid1261453\charrsid14891793 
\par \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 The documentat\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
ion is written in good and comprehensible English. Sufficient description on how to use the program is given, both in the Readme and the Pdf. The Readme introduces the program very well, while the Pdf gives a dense insight in the program. At some points m
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 o\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 \hich\f43 re information would be desirable. For the used methodology, the user might want to know how the transform is estimated in the case of automatic \'82\loch\f43 Image calibration
\hich\f43 \lquote \loch\f43  (e.g.: is it the 4 point algorithm? Or is it a pre-implemented function? Does it use RANSA\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 C\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 \hich\f43  or a comparable algorithm? \'85\loch\f43 \hich\f43 
). For the GUI, the user might want to have more information too. There the user might desire to find a description on what the \'82\loch\f43 Change statistics\hich\f43 \lquote \loch\f43 
 actually shows. From the current description, it could be the amount of pixels\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43  \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
that changed (and therefore the area that changed), but it could also be weighted by the absolute difference of intensity or similar. Intuitively one would assume the first option, but more clarification would be helpful. Still the functionality and used 
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 m\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
ethods are mostly described or mentioned in the documentation. It contains examples for all provided data sets, sources and diagrams. The code is commented, but sometimes a general function description, as well a a overview of the functions could be desir
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 a\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 ble. All in all the work, receives 5/6 Pts. for these criteria.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af44 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f44\cf20\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid1261453\charrsid14891793 \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 Executability: 6/6 }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f43\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid1261453\charrsid14891793 
\par \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 The Program has been successfully tested on  Linux and Windows. It works out of the box, is fully controlled via  a GUI and seems to fulfill the specifications. The alignm\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
ent of the images only takes a reasonable time, but other options, such as change image or time lapse, take longer than expected. This is considered in the next section and ignored for now, as it is possibly mainly due to the reactiveness of the GUI. The 
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 a\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 ssignment gets 6/6 Pts. in this category.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af44 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f44\cf20\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid1261453\charrsid14891793 \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 GUI:  4/6}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid1261453\charrsid14891793 

\par \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 The GUI has many options and functionalities, is structured neatly and is self descriptive in its layout. One minor issue is that the \hich\f43 \lquote \loch\f43 Detecting strength\hich\f43 \rquote \loch\f43  option under 
\hich\f43 \lquote \loch\f43 Difference map\hich\f43 \rquote \loch\f43  is misleading. \hich\f43 \lquote \loch\f43 St\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 rong\hich\f43 \rquote \loch\f43  results in more, but smaller pixel changes being shown, \hich\f43 
\lquote \loch\f43 Weak\hich\f43 \rquote \loch\f43  seems to results in less, but stronger pixel changes being shown. The counter intuitive description becomes obvious on many data sets quickly, but in general this might lead to confusion.
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
 Sometimes more descriptions would simplify the usage of the GUI, but the important things are depicted in a obvious way. The above mentioned aspects could be improved, but they do not effect the experience in a negative way.
\par \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 Unfortunately, the GUI reacts \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 slowly to a point where it hinders the usability. For example displaying changes in \hich\f43 \lquote \loch\f43 change image\hich\f43 \lquote \loch\f43 
 takes rather long. Even the time lapse react rather slow on inputs via the slider. On the used computer (not the fastest) the user might even have the feeli\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 n\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
g, that sometimes the program does not react at all, as his input does not result in a response from the program for round about 10 seconds. 
\par \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 Additionally the program does not always show its progress or status. As a result the user does not know the state\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
 of the program, he does not know whether the changes he entered are currently processed, and sometimes it is uncertain whether the processing is finished. For example when changing the reference image, no response is given once the program is done. So th
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 e\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43  user does not know for certain when to proceed with the next steps.
\par \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 The last two aspects are the reason for only giving 4/6 Pts. in this section.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af44 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f44\cf20\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid1261453\charrsid14891793 \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 Quality:  7/8}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f43\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid1261453\charrsid14891793 
\par \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 The Program has many ways of showing and differentiating changes. For the visualization of cha\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 nges, a time lapse, \hich\f43 \lquote \loch\f43 change image\hich\f43 \rquote \loch\f43 
 and a diagram showing the \hich\f43 \lquote \loch\f43 change statistics\hich\f43 \rquote \loch\f43 . In \hich\f43 \lquote \loch\f43 change images\hich\f43 \rquote \loch\f43 
 the user even has two option on how to visualize the calculated differences (showing actual difference and a generalization by regions that changed). The \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 u\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
ser is also given options for differentiation between kinds of changes (/modes of change) via sliders. There the difference in intensity and the size of change can be adjusted. All the above is complemented by a well working segmentation, that also allows
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43  \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
to differentiate between the changes in different types of landscape. So it is possible to automatically detect how much these types of landscape have become altered. All these options are very helpful and add immense value to the program. In the followin
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 g\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43  a few more positive and negative aspects concerning the visualization and differentiation of changes are listed. \hich\f43 \lquote \loch\f43 Change statistics\hich\f43 \rquote \loch\f43 
 over the years is a great idea. It helps the user to compare the changes quickly and makes it possible to see the amounts\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43  \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
of change in relation. This also adds the option to differentiate changes by their speed. Thus it can be considered as an additional mode of change. One negative aspect is that image borders are highlighted as changes. It might irritate the user, as these
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43  \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
are not the actual changes inside the image. The ability to also classify into multiple clusters allows the user to easily adapt to different scenarios and is an advantage of this program. Additionally the possibility to chose the reference image adds ano
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 t\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 her degree of freedom to the program.
\par \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 The quality of the handling of different scenes is good but might be further improved. It works well on most data sets but exhibits some failures on more complex scenes such as \hich\f43 \lquote \loch\f43 Frauenkirche
\hich\f43 \rquote \loch\f43  and \hich\f43 \lquote \loch\f43 Brazilian Rainforest\hich\f43 \rquote \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
. Even in these cases, it can reconstruct the perspective of some images. On the test data sets our team created it performed worse, but still acceptable. On some data sets the alignment was nearly correct but not precise enough. In these cases, the furth
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 e\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 r step of \hich\f43 \lquote \loch\f43 change image\hich\f43 \rquote \loch\f43 
 was only of limited use. It showed mainly differences due to the imprecisely estimated perspective, rather than actual changes in the landscape. In \hich\f43 \lquote \loch\f43 timeline\hich\f43 \rquote \loch\f43 
 the image wobbled around making it hard to spot changes, too.
\par \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 In cases o\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 f failed transformations, the option of \hich\f43 \lquote \loch\f43 Manual calibration\hich\f43 \rquote \loch\f43  is provided. \hich\f43 \lquote \loch\f43 Manual calibration
\hich\f43 \rquote \loch\f43  works well, but is very tedious. On the Frauenkirche data set it can be done in an acceptable amount of time, but especially on images of the Rainforest it is r\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 a
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 ther time consuming. Still \hich\f43 \lquote \loch\f43 Manual calibration\hich\f43 \rquote \loch\f43  is a good addition to the program.
\par \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 All in all the program receives 7/8 Pts. considering its quality.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af44 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f44\cf20\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid1261453\charrsid14891793 \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 Summary: 26/30 }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f43\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid1261453\charrsid14891793 
\par \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 The Assignment fulfills all the specifications and solves the given problem.
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri-1\sa160\sl254\slmult1\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin-1\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid1261453\charrsid14891793 \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 The available
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
 options for differentiating and visualizing changes add a lot of value to the program. The performance on different scenes is good. It might be improved, so that complex scenes are handled better. Its main drawback is the slow reactiveness when controlli
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 n\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
g it via the GUI. On slow computers it even makes it hard to actually use the program. Additionally the documentation could be a bit more in depth. Except for the last three mentioned points, the assignment is done very beautifully and in total it receive
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 s\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43  26/30 Pts..
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid1261453 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid16736022 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid16736022\charrsid14891793 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri-1\sb240\sl254\slmult1\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin-1\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af43\afs32 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\fs32\cf19\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid1261453\charrsid14891793 \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 Review G13:

\par 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri-1\sa160\sl254\slmult1\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin-1\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af44 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f44\cf20\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid1261453\charrsid14891793 \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 Assignment: 4/4}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid1261453\charrsid14891793 
\par \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
The Assignment contains a main.m, readme.txt and a doc-G13.pdf. It seems correctly named and its folder structure is according to the requirements. As it is available for peer review, I assume it was handed in before the deadline. Missing aspects such as 
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 t\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 he GUI are considered in later sections.
\par \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 Thus 4/4Pts. were given.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af44 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f44\cf20\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid1261453\charrsid14891793 \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 Documentation: }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af44 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f44\cf20\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid1857927 
\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 6}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af44 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f44\cf20\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid1261453\charrsid14891793 \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 /6}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f43\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid1261453\charrsid14891793 
\par \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 Both the readme.txt and the Pdf are written in good and comprehensible English. The readme explains the usage of the program. It does a good job, considering the more com\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
plicated usage due to the missing GUI. It would have been helpful to have the location of these variables given. Once the variables were found, they behaved just as described.
\par \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 The methodology and the working of the code is described in the Pdf. The Pdf als\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
o explains details, such as the basics of transformations between images. More information on how a transform is calculated for this program could have been desired (e.g.: what already implemented function was used and why?).
\par \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 Three examples are given (Duba\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
i, Columbia Glacier and Kuwait). The images were not aligned for this purpose, still the idea behind the comparison by 'Absolute Difference' and its result can be understood.
\par \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 There is a diagram depicting the result of the 'Brightness Adjustment', but no fl\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 owcharts or similar diagrams are given.
\par \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 The following aspects could be improved, too. No sources are cited and as references only the MathWorks Help Center is linked. Figures are not numbered and barely referenced in the text. The missing reference to the 
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 picture is not critical as the text is usually located right above or below the corresponding image.
\par \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 Generalized and detailed comments in the code result in a comprehensible code.
\par \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 As mentioned before, the documentation explains the usage of the program and\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43  its working well. Small improvements are still possible. The work receives 5/6 for this criteria.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af44 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f44\cf20\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid1261453\charrsid14891793 \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 Executability: 5/6}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f43\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid1261453\charrsid14891793 
\par \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 The Program runs on Windows and Linux out of the box.
\par \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 Obtaining differences takes long for big numbers of differences (high 'minNonzeroEl\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
ementCount'). This time is still reasonable and apart form that, the other waiting times are acceptable as well.
\par \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 No GUI has been implemented and two modes of change are missing, therefore the specification/requirements are not fully met.
\par \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 As the last aspect\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43  will be also taken into consideration on the review of the GUI and the Quality, this is weighted less strongly and for this section 5/6 Pts. are given.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af44 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f44\cf20\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid1261453\charrsid14891793 \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 GUI: 0/6}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid1261453\charrsid14891793 

\par \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 Unfortunately the Program was not developed with a GUI. There is some potential of implementi\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
ng the program into a GUI. For example the selection of images and of the 'minNonzeroElementCount' value could be done inside a GUI. As the GUI is not implemented, the handling of the program is rather tedious. The user has to enter the file names or valu
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 e\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 s manually and always has to restart the 'main'. 0/6Pts.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af44 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f44\cf20\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid1261453\charrsid14891793 \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 Quality: 4/8}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid1261453\charrsid14891793 

\par \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
With the display of differences one mode of change and one type of visualization are given. Concerning the mode of change the changes can be differentiated based on their strength, as differences with lower absolute value can be filtered out via 'minNonze
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 r\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
oElementCount'. If the alignment works, differences are shown very well highlighted in the image. Additionally, the differences are also shown separately in a difference image. Showing this difference image in red on a black background helps spotting chan
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 g\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
es very easily. This could be considered as a second style of visualization. A third mean of visualization is given by the 'Overlayed images' plot. Changes can be seen in red and green, while common elements in the two images combine to yellow. In the 
\hich\f43 \lquote \loch\f43 Ov\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 e\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 rlayed image\hich\f43 \rquote \loch\f43  it is possible to determine in which of the two images the change is located.
\par \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 The alignment of images mostly works on images similar to each other, such as consecutive elements of Dubai (e.g.: 2005 with 2000 or 1990 and 1995). Two images show\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
ing strong changes are usually not aligned correctly (e.g.: Dubai 2000 and 2010). On more complicated data sets, even transformations between consecutive and similar images become imprecise (such as for some combinations of the Frauenkirche dataset) or in
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 c\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
orrect. During the testing, no valid result was obtained for Brazilian Rainforest. Frauenkirche produced some, but often imprecise, results. Some correct results can be obtained on Kuwait and Columbia Glacier, when increasing 'minPairedFeatureCount' to 5.

\par \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
One reason for the limited performance seems to be that no RANSAC algorithm or similar was used. Rather only the best matched features were selected to calculate a transformation. As a result the transform often is not correct due to outliers in the selec
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 t\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
ed features. So a possible improvement would be to not decrease the amount of features (as arbitrarily done here via 'featureCount' with a small value) and use a function that ignores outliers, instead of using 'fitgeotrans' in line 43 and 76. A possible 
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 c\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 andidate for such a alternative function is already implemented in MATLAB and is called 'estimateGeometricTransform2D'.
\par \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 Furthermore in many cases the Google-logo is detected and matched as at least one of the features. These outliers further worsen the per\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
formance of the algorithm. One approach to solving this problem would be limiting the detection of features to a region where no logo is expected.
\par \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 Three styles of visualization but only one mode of differentiating between changes are provided by the progra\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
m. The visualizations are clear and differences can be spotted quiet good. One major drawback is that the image alignment leaves a lot room for improvement. Thus 4/8 Pts. are given in this section.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af44 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f44\cf20\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid1261453\charrsid14891793 \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 Summary: 18/30}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f43\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid1261453\charrsid14891793 
\par \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 The Assignment has the desired structure, \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 naming and documentation. It aims at solving the given task.
\par \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 Because this group only consists of one person, the overall performance of the program is limited. Requirements, such as the GUI or enough modes of change were not implemented. The program has so
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
me good approaches, that could be developed into well usable tool. Still the the alignment of images needs to be improved fundamentally in order to robustly transform the images into the same perspective. In total 18/30Pts. were given in this review.

\par 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri-1\sb240\sl254\slmult1\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin-1\lin0\itap0\pararsid16736022 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af43\afs32 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\fs32\cf19\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid16736022\charrsid14891793 
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 Revi\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 ew G}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43\afs32 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\fs32\cf19\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid16736022 \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 24}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43\afs32 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f43\fs32\cf19\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid16736022\charrsid14891793 \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 :}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43\afs32 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\fs32\cf19\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid16736022 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid4196834\charrsid14891793 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri-1\sa160\sl254\slmult1\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin-1\lin0\itap0\pararsid16736022 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af44 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f44\cf20\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid16736022\charrsid14891793 
\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 Assignment: 4/4
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\cf1\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid16736022\charrsid14891793 \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 The provided }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\cf1\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid1857927 
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 zip-}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\cf1\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid16736022\charrsid14891793 \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 folder }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f43\cf1\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid1857927 \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 is correctly named\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43  and contains main.m and doc-G24. \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 On the other hand
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 , the folder structure looks just fine. \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 It can \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 also \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 be assumed that the\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43  folder is han
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 ded before the deadline\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 , since it is provided with our group.\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f43\cf1\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid1857927\charrsid14891793 \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 All points are awarded for this section.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\cf1\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid16736022\charrsid14891793 

\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af44 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f44\cf20\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid16736022\charrsid14891793 \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 Documentation: 5/6
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\cf1\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid1857927 \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 Th\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 e \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 Readme file is\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
 written in a fluent and detailed way. Every \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 possible adjust\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 ment regard\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 ing the \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 c\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
ode and usage of GUI is de\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 scribed \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 well}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\cf1\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid9649607 \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43  and step by step. 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri-1\sb240\sl254\slmult1\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin-1\lin0\itap0\pararsid9649607 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\cf1\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid9649607\charrsid14891793 \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
The report is }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\cf1\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid9649607 \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 also }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\cf1\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid9649607\charrsid14891793 
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 very good}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\cf1\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid9649607 \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43  with numerous figures explaining and \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 illustrating
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43  \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 the theory behind the different visualization methods. Th\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 e appro\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 ach\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43  
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 by\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43  \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 k-mean clustering \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 with three different visualization options is really \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 well 
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 explained.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\cf1\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid9649607\charrsid14891793 \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43  It meets all the hard requirements, i.e. more than 3 locations are }{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\cf1\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid9649607 \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 used to illustrate the implemented methods and their results}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f43\cf1\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid9649607\charrsid14891793 \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 , sources are mentioned }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\cf1\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid9649607 \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
at the very end }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\cf1\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid9649607\charrsid14891793 \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 and diagrams}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\cf1\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid9649607 ,
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43  i.e. Figure 11,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\cf1\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid9649607\charrsid14891793 \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43  are shown}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f43\cf1\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid9649607 \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 . The section \loch\af43\dbch\af31505\hich\f43 \'93\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 GUI Manual\loch\af43\dbch\af31505\hich\f43 \'94\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
 could be explained in more \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 detail, since the GUI looks a little bit complicated, but the GUI i\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 s actually explained in the ReadMe file in great\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
 detail. The only downside regarding the rep\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 ort is that, the\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 y could a\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 djust \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 the\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43  
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 shape\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43  \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 and size of the individual pages and figures\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 , so that the whole report would seem more compact and
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43  clean}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\cf1\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid9054294 .\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43  
\par \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 Regarding the code\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 , the gro\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 up 24 established great success by wr\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 iting a very complex \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
program.\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43  The comments in the individually implemented was actually sufficient\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 , but the \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 m\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
ain/GUI section is not commented well, and therefore is really hard to follow, since it \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 has more than 2000 lines.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\cf1\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid9649607 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\cf21\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid9054294\charrsid9054294 \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 In a nutshell, \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 regardless of \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 shape
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 / size adjustment in\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43  the report and t\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 he lack of comments in the main/GUI part, \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 th\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
e documentation part \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 re\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 ally deserves a good point. That\loch\af43\dbch\af31505\hich\f43 \rquote \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 s why 5/6 points are given in this section.}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af43 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\cf21\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid9054294\charrsid9054294 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri-1\sa160\sl254\slmult1\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin-1\lin0\itap0\pararsid16736022 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\cf1\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid1857927 \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43  
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af44 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f44\cf20\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid16736022\charrsid14891793 \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 Executability: 6/6}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f43\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid16736022\charrsid14891793 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\cf1\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid16736022\charrsid14891793 \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 The software works on }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\cf1\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid9338491 
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 Linux and Windows}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\cf1\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid16736022\charrsid14891793 \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 . With the main.m file, the GUI }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f43\cf1\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid9338491 \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 pops \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 up pretty}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\cf1\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid16736022\charrsid14891793 
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43  quick\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43  and without }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\cf1\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid9338491 \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 any }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f43\cf1\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid16736022\charrsid14891793 \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 problems. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\cf1\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid9338491 \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 Th
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 e GUI initially looks really complicated, but this issue becomes \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 ea\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 sy once the ReadMe file is rea\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 d, since the GUI and it
\loch\af43\dbch\af31505\hich\f43 \rquote \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 s options/methods are explained in great detail there. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\cf1\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid16736022\charrsid14891793 
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 The }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\cf1\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid9338491 \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 computation time}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f43\cf1\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid16736022\charrsid14891793 \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43  for the visualization mode is reasonably }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\cf1\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid9338491 
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 low}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\cf1\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid16736022\charrsid14891793 \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 . }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f43\cf1\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid9338491 \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 Therefore, a}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\cf1\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid16736022\charrsid14891793 \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 ll }{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af43 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\cf1\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid9338491 \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 the possible }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\cf1\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid16736022\charrsid14891793 
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 points are given }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\cf1\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid9338491 \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 in this section.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f43\cf1\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid16736022\charrsid14891793 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af44 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f44\cf20\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid16736022\charrsid14891793 \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 GUI: 5/6}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af44 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f44\cf20\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid16736022 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af44 \ltrch\fcs0 \f44\cf21\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid6830278 \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 The implemented GUI \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 looks\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 , as mentioned in the previous section, 
\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 really complicated and \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 not commented\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44  very well from a\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 n initia\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 
l stand-point. Without reading the ReadMe file\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 , it would be really hard to visualize\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44  the \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 options offered for the user. But the Read
\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 Me file is actually really good structured and it explains the GUI and \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 it\loch\af44\dbch\af31505\hich\f44 \rquote \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 s options re
\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 ally well. Therefore\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 , only 1 point is subtracted regarding the complexity. 
\par \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 On the contrary\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 , \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 numerous different options are offered for the user to visualize the differences between\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44  selected images
\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 , like }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af44 \ltrch\fcs0 \f44\cf21\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid11024600 \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 showing common parts \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 of the 
\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 images, \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 highlights  visualization, \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 segmentation options with \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 k-means clustering and many \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 
different visualization modes like heatmap, bar map and time lapse.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af44 \ltrch\fcs0 \f44\cf21\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid6830278 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af44 \ltrch\fcs0 \f44\cf21\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid11024600 \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 The G\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 UI also responds quickly to a new adj\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 ust
\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 ment and gives feedback.
\par \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 In a nutshel\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 l, a total of 5 points out of 6 are given for this section.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af44 \ltrch\fcs0 \f44\cf21\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid11024600\charrsid6830278 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af44 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f44\cf20\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid16736022\charrsid14891793 \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 Quality: 4/8
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\cf1\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid8071858 \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 The \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 user must initially upload the\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43  selected
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43  folder with images \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 and it works just fine. \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 The user has the opp\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 or\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
tunity to see the individual images \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 separately\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43  \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 in a\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 n independent windo\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 w thought for that. 
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 Then \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 a pair of image\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 s (\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 2-4 different images\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 )\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
 are selected, for which the user wants to observe differences.\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43  \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 Regarding the selection \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 of th\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 e pair of images
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 , the transformation is done\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 , so that all the images are \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 aligned\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43  \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 to each
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43  \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 other\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 . The transformation seems \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 fine for Columbia Glacier, but for example for Dubai, it is not able to find cor
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 r\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 esponding\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43  features\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43  between ever\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 y \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 selected images
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 , an\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 d in Dubai\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 , it is actually no\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 t hard to find \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 similar\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
 feature points to tran\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 sform the images. \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 So, the group 24 cou\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 ld \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 improve the transformation algorithm regarding fea
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 ture\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43  detection and transformation.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\cf1\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid2118493 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\cf1\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid6171154 \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 The \loch\af43\dbch\af31505\hich\f43 \'93\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 Highlights Visualization\loch\af43\dbch\af31505\hich\f43 \'94
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43  part is not doing\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 , what i\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 t suppose to do in the maj\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 ority of the tests, which is done by our group. It seems like
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43  that the implemented algorithm is not capable of generalizing and ig\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 noring the noise \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 generat\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 ed 
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 after i\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 mage \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 alignment\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 /\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
transformation. In this part, the PCA method looks like, it is performing better than the\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43  \loch\af43\dbch\af31505\hich\f43 \'93\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 normal\loch\af43\dbch\af31505\hich\f43 \'94
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43  option. But in either case\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 , the user is not capable\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43  of o\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 bserving the exact difference\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
s between the images. For visual\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 i\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 zing \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 the difference\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 s between the images\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
, it is not a good idea to just plot the binary mask gener\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 ated by substracting two image\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 s from each other. One should at least plot th\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 is
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43  difference\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43  mask\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43  on the\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43  reference image\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 , so that the user can 
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 clearly understand, \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 which part of the corre\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 sponding landscape has changed over time.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f43\cf1\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid8407730 \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43  But the user is given the opportunity to change 4 different parameters, which is good.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f43\cf1\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid8071858 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\cf1\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid8407730 \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 Seg\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 mentation with the he\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 lp of k-means clustering se
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 ems like working just fi\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 n\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 e, once a\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 n\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43  admissible transformation (
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 in the majority not the case for Dubai, \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 Brazilian Rainforest\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43  etc.\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 )\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43  is successfully 
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 applied to the images, so that they can\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43  \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 align.\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43  With this approach the different areas\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 /p
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 arts of the \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 image are \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 separated\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43  \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 from each ot\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
her. The user \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 can also \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 give different cluster and iteration numbers as paramete\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 rs and select the names of the clusters\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
, that he wan\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 ts to observe in detail.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\cf1\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid12457305 \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43  The visualizati\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
on generated by the p\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 rogram at the end\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43  is not clear \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 from\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43  the initial glance.\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43  }{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\cf1\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid3159867 \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 The becomes clear\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43  that the different columns represent different clusters
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 , once the documentation is read\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 . The visual\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 i\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 zation could be t\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 herefore improved
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 , so that the user can \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 get a cl\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 ear \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 illustration\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43  as a resul
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 t.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\cf1\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid6171154 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\cf1\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid8027297 \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 The \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 section\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43  \loch\af43\dbch\af31505\hich\f43 \'93
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 Visualization Mode\loch\af43\dbch\af31505\hich\f43 \'94\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 , as the last \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 option provided f\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 or the 
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 user, \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 works actually very good\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43  \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 for \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 ob\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 serving the differen
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 ces \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 occurred\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43  \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 over a p\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 eriod of time, of course on\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 ce 
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 a\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 n admis\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 sible transformation is found\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 , which is the main problem \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 for this group. 
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 All of t\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 he different visualization modes\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 , i.e. Heat\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43  M\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 ap\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
, Bar\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43  M\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 ap\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43  and Tim\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 e-Lapse\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43  are working\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
 fine and present different visualization options for the user, to identify the \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 changes of the pre-selected landscape/location over time.\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43  In the Time-Lapse option, 
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 the transformed and \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 aligned\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43  \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 images a\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 re shown o\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
ne by one after each other\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 , \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 without\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43  \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 illus\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 trating\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43  
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 the differences between the images. I\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 t would be better that the differences between them are plotte\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 d within the corresponding imag
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 e at each step.
\par \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 So, in a nutsh\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 ell, the provided }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\cf1\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid418336 \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 visualization and difference opt
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 ions are sufficient and\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43  reasonable, but the core problem of th\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 is projects is in the majority absence: transform\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
ing the images and thus aligning them perfectly to each\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43  other to \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 maintain differences\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 . \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 The tr
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 ansformation with the 4-point algorithm seems \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 like working not find fo\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 r the \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 majority\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43  
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 of the datasets\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 , which are used\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43  by us in our tests. It can\loch\af43\dbch\af31505\hich\f43 \rquote \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 t deal with 
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 different \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 rotations\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 , magnitudes\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 , intensities and locations, even for a simple dataset like Dubai. Therefore, 4 points o
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 ut of 8 is given for this section.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\cf1\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid8027297 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\cf1\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid8071858 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af44 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f44\cf20\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid16736022\charrsid14891793 \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 Summ\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 ary: 24/30}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f43\cf1\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid16736022\charrsid14891793 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri-1\sa160\sl254\slmult1\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin-1\lin0\itap0\pararsid418336 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\cf1\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid16736022\charrsid14891793 \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
A total of 24 points are }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\cf1\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid418336 \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 given for the group 2\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 4}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f43\cf1\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid16736022\charrsid14891793 \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 , which stands for a good project that meets the most important specifications. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f43\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid418336 \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 Being able to observe}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid418336\charrsid14891793 \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43  }{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af43 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid418336 \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 different }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid418336\charrsid14891793 \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 changes }{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid418336 \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 within numerous options available for the user \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 is the best part of this project. The group 2
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 4 meets the majority of the requirements \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 for this project. The \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 lacking part of the app was \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 b
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 eing able to find admissible transformations for \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 different datasets and visualizing in a clear w\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 ay. The \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 group 2
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 4 should impro\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 ve their tra\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 nsformation algorithm with 4-point algorithm, and try to\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43  visuali\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
ze the \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 changes\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43  in a }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid7294664 \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 clearer }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f43\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid418336 \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 way for the user.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43\afs32 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\fs32\cf19\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid418336 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43\afs32 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\fs32\cf19\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid1261453\charrsid14891793 \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 Revi\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 ew G50:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f43\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid1261453\charrsid418336 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri-1\sb240\sl254\slmult1\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin-1\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid16736022\charrsid14891793 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri-1\sa160\sl254\slmult1\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin-1\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af44 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f44\cf20\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid1261453\charrsid14891793 \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 Assignment: 4/4

\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\cf1\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid1261453\charrsid14891793 \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
The provided folder meets the formal criteria of the assignment fully, i.e. the folder format (.zip) is correct, it contains a main.m file, and the folder structure is as required. The ReadMe file is given as well, together with the
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43  project documentation, with the correct naming. All points are awarded for this section.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af44 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f44\cf20\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid1261453\charrsid14891793 \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 Documentation: 5/6
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\cf1\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid1261453\charrsid14891793 \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
The ReadMe.md file explains how to run the developed software clearly and gives the user tips if errors occur due to the GUI scaling, which is help\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
ful. Also, all of the needed Matlab packages are stated, so that no environment conflicts come to place.
\par \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 As for the commenting of the code, the group has done a good job with most of the functions used. Functions like allign_image.m or difference_calculati\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
on.m are very well commented and give the user a clear overview of the inputs/outputs and steps of the function.  However, the included cv_gui_main.m (the GUI class), which we feel is an important building block of the project, is poorly commented. Many f
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 u\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 nctions used within the class are not commented at all, making it difficult for us to understand what these functions do. Therefore, there is a point deduction here.
\par \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 The project documentation is very well done. It has a clean formatting and structure, uses\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
 figures, equations and diagrams to explain the project methodology and also clearly states the work distribution within the project. A user guide for the GUI is also given, making it clear how the interface is built and should be used. Sample visualizati
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 o\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 ns are given at the end of the document that clearly show the strengths of the developed GUI. All points awarded for this aspect of documentation.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af44 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f44\cf20\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid1261453\charrsid14891793 \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 Executability: 6/6}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f43\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid1261453\charrsid14891793 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\cf1\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid1261453\charrsid14891793 \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 \hich\f43 The software works on MacOS and \'85\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
. out-of-the box. With the main.m file, the GUI is generated quickly and without problems. Sometimes, the GUI window needs to be aligned to the screen size, but this issue has been already mentioned in the ReadMe and is thus easy to solve. The upload of i
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 m\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
ages and their alignment is done swiftly, with a progress bar indicating the status of the alignment process. The runtime for the visualization mode is reasonably fast. All points are given for this section.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af44 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f44\cf20\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid1261453\charrsid14891793 \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 GUI: 5/6
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\cf1\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid1261453\charrsid14891793 \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 The presented graphical user interface \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
was implemented using Matlab App Developer. The structure of the interface is logical, can be controlled intuitively and does not have any major design issues. The progress for image alignment gives the user direct feedback about the alignment process, wh
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 i\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
ch is a good feature. Other progress bars in form of loading logos are used for the investigation. Due to the low runtime of the visualization, this is not absolutely necessary. A panel for the  information on the selected image (width, height) gives the 
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 u\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 ser an alternative form of feedback. These are all strong points of the GUI. 
\par \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 However, problems arise with the comprehensibility of the GUI's "Investigate" panel. First of all, it is not entirely clear to the user what is being done in the various visualiz\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
ation modes. Does the "Investigate" button represent a form of direct comparison where all images are compared to the selected reference image? What does the "Play Video" button do?  Although this is described in the documentation, more appropriate nomenc
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 l\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
ature would make the GUI easier to understand (e.g. Examine -> Compare with Reference Image, Play Video -> Time Lapse).  Also, tooltips could be used to briefly explain the respective visualization mode. One point is subtracted for this understandability 
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 i\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 ssue.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af44 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f44\cf20\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid1261453\charrsid14891793 \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 Quality: 4/8
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\cf1\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid1261453\charrsid14891793 \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
In essence, the interface consists of three different visualization modes. Two are image-based, one is a plot of the difference curve over the image sequence, in percent. For this aspect, the interface fulfills the basic criteria. The problem in the image
-\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
based visualization modes is that the differences are not clearly marked/highlighted.  Both, the investigation and video use overlays of the reference image and  moving images, through which the changes become somewhat visible. This could be improved by o
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 n\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
ly using one color in the plot (e.g. red), that highlights the difference regions in the overlay image. The difference curve is interesting, and gives a rough insight of how the scene changed over the years. 1 point is subtracted for the difference visual
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 i\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 zation issue.
\par \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
For the types of change, a color blind mode can be set, where the color space is transformed so that visually impaired people can inspect the changes as well. Unfortunately, the visualization modes can not be further parametrized (e.g. by set
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 ting a min. difference threshold for the investigation or slow/fast parameter for the video). Since this was minimal requirement, 2 points need to be subtracted for this aspect. 
\par \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 Locations like Dubai, Kuwait and Columbia Glacier are handled very well by th\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
e program. The alignment process is fast, and the aligned images appear to be correct. The alignment process also runs for one of our challenging datasets (Schiphol, strong rotations) in reasonable run time. Again, difficulties arise when the actual diffe
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 r\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 ences between the aligned images are examined, which are not clearly highlighted.
\par \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 For the (most difficult) Frauenkirche dataset, the alignment process was not successful at all (warning: could not find enough matches). This could be solved by reducing the \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
dataset to images that can be aligned to the selected reference image, thus still allowing the user to inspect the changes, albeit in a limited way.
\par \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 In the case of the Brazilian rainforest, the alignment process appears to be successful, but when inspected\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
 more closely with the investigation button, some of the comparisons do not make sense (e.g., a river is seen twice), indicating failed transformations. One point is deducted because the more challenging data sets are not handled well by the program. }{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid1261453\charrsid14891793 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af44 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f44\cf20\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid1261453\charrsid14891793 \hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 Summ\hich\af44\dbch\af31505\loch\f44 ary: 24/30}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f43\cf1\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid1261453\charrsid14891793 
\par \hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
A total of 24 points are awarded, which stands for a good project that meets the most important specifications. The strengths of the Group 50 software are the very good documentation, an appealing graphical user interface and the fast runtimes o
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
n the standard data sets like Dubai or Columbia Glacier. The project makes a solid impression overall. However, more emphasis should be put on comprehensibility and visualization for the user side. Some of the buttons used in the graphical user interface 
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 a\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
re not clearly understandable. When running the investigation process, the differences become visible, but the "main message" resulting from the differences (e.g. melting branch in Columbia Glacier) is lost due to the chosen type of difference visualizati
\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 o\hich\af43\dbch\af31505\loch\f43 
n ("overlay"). In addition, more advanced techniques for image matching could be investigated (e.g., transformation optimization using graph algorithms), so that datasets such as the Brazilian Rainforest could also be analyzed correctly.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af44 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f44\cf20\lang1033\langfe1031\langnp1033\insrsid1261453\charrsid14891793 
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb4ec3301045f748fc83e52d4a
9cb2400825e982c78ec7a27cc0c8992416c9d8b2a755fbf74cd25442a820166c2cd933f79e3be372bd1f07b5c3989ca74aaff2422b24eb1b475da5df374fd9ad
5689811a183c61a50f98f4babebc2837878049899a52a57be670674cb23d8e90721f90a4d2fa3802cb35762680fd800ecd7551dc18eb899138e3c943d7e503b6
b01d583deee5f99824e290b4ba3f364eac4a430883b3c092d4eca8f946c916422ecab927f52ea42b89a1cd59c254f919b0e85e6535d135a8de20f20b8c12c3b0
0c895fcf6720192de6bf3b9e89ecdbd6596cbcdd8eb28e7c365ecc4ec1ff1460f53fe813d3cc7f5b7f020000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6
a7e7c0000000360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4f
c7060abb0884a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b6309512
0f88d94fbc52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462
a1a82fe353bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b
4b0d592c9c070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b
4757e8d3f729e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a4d06d8592070000c3200000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f
7468656d65312e786d6cec59cd8b1bc915bf07f23f347d97f5d5ad8fc1f2a24fcfda33b6b164873dd648a5eef2547789aad28cc56208de532e81c026e49085bd
ed21842cecc22eb9e48f31d8249b3f22afaa5bdd5552c99e191c3061463074977eefd5afde7bf5de53d5ddcf5e26d4bbc05c1096f6fcfa9d9aefe174ce16248d
7afeb3d9a4d2f13d2151ba4094a5b8e76fb0f03fbbf7eb5fdd454732c609f6403e1547a8e7c752ae8eaa5531876124eeb0154ee1bb25e30992f0caa3ea82a34b
d09bd06aa3566b55134452df4b51026a1f2f97648efd7b5bb5630aba5329d4c09cf2a9528af7b18bf3ba42888d1852ee5d20daf3618605bb9ce197d2f7281212
bee8f935fde757efddada2a35c88ca03b286dc44ffe572b9c0e2bca1e7e4d1593169108441ab5fe8d7002af771e3f6b8356e15fa3400cde7b0d28c8badb3dd18
0639d600658f0edda3f6a859b7f086fee61ee77ea83e165e8332fdc11e7e321982152dbc0665f8700f1f0eba8391ad5f83327c6b0fdfaef54741dbd2af413125
e9f91eba16b69ac3ed6a0bc892d16327bc1b06937623575ea2201a8ae852532c592a0fc55a825e303e018002522449eac9cd0a2fd11ce277882839e3c43b2151
0c81b7422913305c6bd426b526fc579f403f698fa2238c0c69c50b9888bd21c5c713734e56b2e73f00adbe0179fbf3cf6f5efff8e6f54f6fbefaeacdebbfe773
6b5596dc314a2353ee97effef09f6f7eebfdfb876f7ff9fa8fd9d4bb7861e2dffded77effef1cff7a9871597a678fba7efdffdf8fddb3ffffe5f7ffddaa1bdcf
d199099f91040bef11bef49eb20416e8e08fcff8f524663122a6443f8d044a919ac5a17f2c630bfd68832872e006d8b6e3730ea9c605bcbf7e61119ec67c2d89
43e3c338b180a78cd101e34e2b3c547319669eadd3c83d395f9bb8a7085db8e61ea2d4f2f278bd821c4b5c2a8731b6683ea1289528c229969efa8e9d63ec58dd
178458763d2573ce045b4aef0be20d10719a6446ceac682a858e49027ed9b80882bf2ddb9c3ef7068cba563dc2173612f606a20ef2334c2d33de476b891297ca
194aa869f013246317c9e986cf4ddc5848f0748429f3c60b2c844be63187f51a4e7f0869c6edf653ba496c2497e4dca5f30431662247ec7c18a364e5c24e491a
9bd8cfc5398428f29e30e9829f327b87a877f0034a0fbafb39c196bb3f9c0d9e418635299501a2be5973872fef6366c5ef74439708bb524d9f27568aed73e28c
8ec13ab242fb04638a2ed10263efd9e70e0603b6b26c5e927e10435639c6aec07a80ec5855ef2916d8d3cdcd7e9e3c21c20ad9298ed8013ea79b9dc4b3416982
f821cd8fc0eba6cdc750ea1257003ca6f37313f88840f707f1e234ca63013a8ce03ea8f5498cac02a6de853b5e37dcf2df55f618eccb17168d2bec4b90c1d796
81c46ecabcd7363344ad09ca809921e8325ce916442cf79722aab86ab1b5536e696fdad20dd01d594d4f42d20f76403bbd4ff8bfeb7da0c378fb976f1c9bede3
f43b6ec556b2ba66a77328991ceff4378770bb5dcd90f105f9f49b9a115aa74f30d491fd8c75dbd3dcf634feff7d4f73683fdf763287fa8ddb4ec6870ee3b693
c90f573e4e2753362fd0d7a8038feca0471ffb24074f7d9684d2a9dc507c22f4c18f80df338b090c2a397dd6898b53c0550c8faaccc104162ee248cb789cc9df
10194f63b482d3a1baaf944422571d096fc5041c1ae961a76e85a7ebe4942db2c3ce7a5d1d6c66955520598ed7c2621c0eaa64866eb5cb03bc42bd661be983d6
2d01257b1d12c6643689a683447b3ba88ca48f75c1680e127a651f8545d7c1a2a3d46f5db5c702a8155e811fdc1efc4ceff96100222004e771d09c2f949f3257
6fbdab9df9313d7dc89856044083bd8d80d2d35dc5f5e0f2d4eab250bb82a72d1246b8d924b46574832762f8199c47a71abd0a8debfaba5bbad4a2a74ca1e783
d02a69b43bef6371535f83dc6e6ea0a9992968ea5df6fc5633849099a355cf5fc2a1313c262b881da17e73211ac19dcb5cf26cc3df24b3acb8902324e2cce03a
e964d9202112738f92a4e7abe5176ea0a9ce219a5bbd0109e19325d785b4f2a99103a7db4ec6cb259e4bd3edc688b274f60a193ecb15ce6fb5f8cdc14a92adc1
ddd37871e99dd1357f8a20c4c2765d19704104dc1dd4336b2e085c861589ac8cbf9dc294a75df3364ac750368ee82a46794531937906d7a9bca0a3df0a1b186f
f99ac1a08649f2427816a9026b1ad5aaa645d5c8381cacba1f1652963392665933adaca2aaa63b8b59336ccbc08e2d6f56e40d565b13434e332b7c96ba77536e
779beb76fa84a24a80c10bfb39aaee150a8241ad9ccca2a618efa76195b3f351bb766c17f8016a57291246d66f6dd5eed8ada811cee960f046951fe476a31686
96dbbe525b5adf979b17dbecec05248f1174b96b2a8576255c5b73040dd154f72459da802df252e65b039ebc35273dffcb5ad80f868d7058a975c271256806b5
4a27ec372bfd306cd6c761bd361a345e41619171520fb3bbfa095c60d04d7e63afc7f76eed93ed1dcd9d394baa4cdfca5735717d6b5f6f386eedbd99ba9cf73d
0249e7cb5663d26d7607ad4ab7d99f5482d1a053e90e5b83caa8356c8f26a361d8e94e5ef9de850607fde630688d3b95567d38ac04ad9aa2dfe956da41a3d10f
dafdce38e8bfcadb185879963e725b807935af7bff050000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d652f
7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d363f
2451eced0dae2c082e8761be9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e31
98720e274a939cd08a54f980ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d98505
28a2c6cce0239baa4c04ca5bbabac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d0014000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c02000013000000000000000000000000
00000000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b0000000000000000000000
0000300100005f72656c732f2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c000000000000000000000000001902000074
68656d652f7468656d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100a4d06d8592070000c3200000160000000000000000
0000000000d60200007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b0100002700000000
0000000000000000009c0a00007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000970b00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax375\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef0\lsdunhideuseddef0\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 5;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 9;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 header;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footer;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of figures;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope return;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation reference;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 line number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 page number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote text;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of authorities;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 macro;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 toa heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Closing;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Signature;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Message Header;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Salutation;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Date;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Note Heading;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Block Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 FollowedHyperlink;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Document Map;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Plain Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 E-mail Signature;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Top of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Bottom of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal (Web);\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Acronym;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Cite;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Code;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Definition;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Keyboard;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Preformatted;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Sample;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Typewriter;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Variable;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Table;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation subject;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 No List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Contemporary;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Elegant;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Professional;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Subtle 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Subtle 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Balloon Text;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Theme;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;
\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;
\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;
\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Revision;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;
\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;
\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;
\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;
\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;
\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;\lsdpriority41 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 1;\lsdpriority42 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 2;\lsdpriority43 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 3;\lsdpriority44 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 4;
\lsdpriority45 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 5;\lsdpriority40 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table Light;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 2;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 3;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 3;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 4;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 4;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 6;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 3;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 3;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 3;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 4;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 4;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Mention;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Smart Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hashtag;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Unresolved Mention;}}{\*\datastore 010500000200000018000000
4d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e362e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffff0c6ad98892f1d411a65f0040963251e5000000000000000000000000c0b4
49cc687ed701feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}